{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New{\*\falt Courier};}
{\f23\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f28\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}@MS Mincho{\*\falt Andale Mono};}{\f33\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}
{\f34\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f36\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f37\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}
{\f38\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f39\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f40\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f49\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE{\*\falt Courier};}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr{\*\falt Courier};}{\f52\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek{\*\falt Courier};}
{\f53\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur{\*\falt Courier};}{\f54\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew){\*\falt Courier};}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic){\*\falt Courier};}
{\f56\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic{\*\falt Courier};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\info{\author smckenzie}{\operator smckenzie}{\creatim\yr2002\mo6\dy20\hr15\min36}
{\revtim\yr2002\mo8\dy9\hr10\min30}{\version14}{\edmins3}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords2189}{\nofchars12481}{\*\company Borland}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8283}}\margl1320\margr1320 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale75\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi 7
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Installation Notes
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 CONTENTS
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * ABOUT THE INSTALLER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * PRODUCT COEXISTENCE ISSUES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * INSTALLING FOR MULTIPLE USERS [WINNT/2000/XP ONLY]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * GENERAL INSTALLATION NOTES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * KNOWN INSTALLATION ISSUES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * REGISTERING THIS PRODUCT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * UNINSTALLING THIS PRODUCT
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ABOUT THE INSTALLER
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This product uses the Microsoft Installer (MSI) 2.0
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 service to perform the installation. Amo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ng the more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 significant changes are:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * In many cases, rebooting after installation is no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   longer necessary. The Borland Debugger kernel and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   other Borland components are automatically registered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   during installation. However, the installer may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   update\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  some Windows system components, which will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   require you to reboot at the end of the installation.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   In addition, if you are installing on Windows 95/98
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   or Windows Me, you may wish to reboot to have your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   PATH environment updated.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * An installation ma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 intenance mode is available by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   simply rerunning the installation. The maintenance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   dialog lets you add or remove features, repair the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   installation, or remove the product. Choosing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   "Modify" lets you install features that you did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   previously install, or remove features that you no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   longer use. Choosing "Repair" causes the installer to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   search for and reinstall any files that are missing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   or damaged. "Remove" uninstalls the product.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * On Windows 2000 and higher (including Windo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ws XP),
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   the Microsoft Installer service provides an auto-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   repair feature that constantly tries to detect and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   repair damaged applications. One of the ways that it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   does this is by monitoring the installed directory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   structure of an application. If y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou delete or rename
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   any of the directories installed by Delphi 7, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   Microsoft Installer will detect this and will,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   without warning, attempt to restore the missing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   directories. To prevent the auto-repair function from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   being unintentionally invok\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ed, you should not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   manually delete or rename any of the installed Delphi
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   7 directories. To add or remove features, always use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   the installer application.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Setup will install MDAC 2.7 if it fails to detect MDAC
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 2.7 or later on your machine. You might g\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 et a reboot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 prompt at the end of installation if MDAC 2.7 was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 installed by the Setup program.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 PRODUCT COEXISTENCE ISSUES
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Using the Web App Debugger in Delphi 6 (or) C++Builder 6
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after uninstalling Delphi 7
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you install Delphi 7 on a machine on which either
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi 6 or C++Builder 6 is installed, then uninstall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi 7, the Web App Debugger will no longer work as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 expected.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Solution: After uninstalling Delphi 7, you can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reregister the WebApp Debugger by running the following
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 from your Delphi6\\Bin (or) CBuilder6\\Bin directory:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 1.   Run ServerInfo for the Web App Debugger:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      serverinfo
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 2.   Use the tregsvr utility to rere\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 gister the debugger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      library: tregsvr weblib.tlb
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 INSTALLING FOR MULTIPLE USERS [WINNT/2000/XP ONLY]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 [Note: This section applies only to installations on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Windows NT, 2000, and later Windows oper\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ating systems,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 including XP. It does not apply to installations on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Windows 95, 98, or Me systems.]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The procedure for installing and uninstalling Delphi 7
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for multiple users on Windows NT and Windows 2000
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 systems has changed.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The new installation procedure no longer requires each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 user to install Delphi 7 separately. The product is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 installed only once, by any user with Administrator
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 privileges, and is immediately available to all users
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of the same machine. It is also available t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 o any new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 users you may add later.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In releases prior to Delphi 6 or C++Builder 6, an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Administrator installed the product, and all other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 users of the same machine who needed to use product had
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to install it separately using the "Registry Only"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 option.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  new uninstallation procedure has also changed. The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Administrator who initially installed the product must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 first uninstall it (through the Control Panel's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Add/Remove Programs applet); after that, all other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 users of the product must log in and run the provi\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ded
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 D7RegClean.exe utility in order to remove user-specific
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 data from the Windows registry. (Note: D7RegClean.exe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is installed to your \\Bin directory and is also
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 available on your CD in the \\Info\\Extras folder.)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Cautions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 --------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * Some utilities, such as the Image Editor, the Package
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   Collection Editor, Database Desktop, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   XMLMapper, will not work correctly until the Delphi 7
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   IDE is run at least once. This is because the IDE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   copies a set of global registry entries fro\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 m
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE to the user's registry space. In
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   the past, the installation program performed this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   task.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * If you perform a partial install, then add other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   components later, the new components will not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   automatically appear in the IDE. To ma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ke the new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   packages appear, you can manually add them to the IDE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   using the Install Packages dialog (Component menu).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 GENERAL INSTALLATION NOTES
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The following items describe known issues, behavio\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and functionality that can affect installation of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 product. For other installation issues, including how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to remove the product, see the INSTALL document at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 root of your CD.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Minimum system requirements
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * Intel Pentium 166 MHz or higher (P2 400 MHz
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   recommended)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * Microsoft Windows 98, 2000, and XP
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * 256 Mb
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * Approximate hard disk space required for a full
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   install: 475 Mb (Enterprise edition)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * CD-ROM drive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * VGA or higher resolution monitor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * Mouse or\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  other pointing device
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Back up your BDE configuration
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This product includes Borland Database Engine (BDE).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Unless you specify other than the default
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 setup directories during installation, Delphi 7 will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 overwrite your exist\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ing 32-bit BDE and SQL Links
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 installations, so it is strongly recommended that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back up all current BDE configuration files before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 installing this release.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Installation directory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 By default, this release installs into the direct\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ory
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  \\Program Files\\Borland\\Delphi7
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Product release notes and most other documentation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 assumes these defaults.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 WARNING:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Do not install Delphi 7 in a directory that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     contains an older version of Delphi. Always install
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     a new version of Delphi in a new directory.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Different versions of Delphi can coexist on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     same system, but each version must be installed in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     its own directory.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you've installed this product before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 --
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You can install to the same machine (though to a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 different location) as another version of the product.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you want to install to the same directory as an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 existing version, uninstall the existing version first.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In either case, you should back up your I\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 DAPI.CFG file
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (if one is present) and any other important data,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 including existing projects that you intend to use with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this version.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Performing a Custom installation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 --------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To conserve disk space, you can perform a custom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 insta\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 llation, selecting only the options you require.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To do so, select the Custom radio button in the Setup
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Type dialog during installation. Disk space required
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for the total custom installation and individual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 options is displayed as you select or deselect options.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Just-In-Time Debugging
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If the installer detects that another application is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 registered as your Just-In-Time debugger, you will be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 asked if you want to change this setting to \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 use the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi 7 debugger. For proper operation of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 release, you should choose to update this setting.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To preserve your existing AEDebug settings for later
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 restoration, follow these steps:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 1. Run Regedit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 2. Select the AEDebug key
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2         HKEY_LOCAL_\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2         Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\AEDebug\\Debugger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 3. Choose Registry|Export Registry File.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 4. Name and save the file containing the AEDebug key.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To restore the AEDebug settings:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 1. Run Regedit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 2. Choose Registry|Import Regis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 try File.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 3. Specify the file in which you saved the AEDebug key.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Manually registering the debugger kernel
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The new installer does not, in most cases, require you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to reboot after installation. The Borland Debugger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Kernel is automatically registered by the new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 installer. If, however, you receive "BORdbk70 not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 registered" errors when running the program, then you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will need to manually register the debugger.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To manually register the debugger, open a command
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 window, cd\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  to the Debugger Kernel location (default
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 c:\\program files\\common files\\borland
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  \\shared\\debugger\\bordbk70.dll)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and run the Microsoft Register Server utility with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 following command:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 regsvr32 bordbk70.dll
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Note:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  If REGSVR32 is not on your path, swit\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ch to your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  Windows\\System directory and run the utility with  a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  full path specification to the Debugger Kernel file.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Installer may require additional temporary space
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If the drive containing the folder specified in your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TEMP environment variable is low on space, the Installer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 may halt with an error message noting the shortage. If
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 this occurs, you'll need to assign your TEMP variable to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a folder on a drive with more disk\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  space, then rerun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the installation.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 KNOWN INSTALLATION ISSUES
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 JRE, InterBase paths require manual entry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -----------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Neither the VisiBroker 4 nor Java Runtime Enviro\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (JRE) installers set your PATH or CLASSPATH
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 specifications to point to the JRE installation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 location. Unless you manually set these environment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 variables, programs requiring the JRE (including all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 VisiBroker programs except the OSAgent and the consol\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 e,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which uses a batch file) will not run.  The InterBase
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Administration components IBInstall and IBUninstall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 will not work correctly unless you manually add the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <InterBase> location (default C:\\Program
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Files\\Borland\\InterBase) to your PATH variable.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Installer may misreport disk space requirements
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on Windows 95/98/ME
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -----------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 On Windows 95, 98, and Me systems, the Microsoft
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Windows Installer may misreport the amount of disk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 space required by Delphi 7. The Install\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 er may report
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that it needs more than 2GB of disk space. Delphi 7
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 does not require this much space. To work around this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 issue, exit the Installer and restart the installation.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 REGISTERING THIS PRODU\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 CT
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TRIAL EDITION
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To activate this product, you must obtain an activation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 file. You must obtain from the Borland Web site:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com/products/downloads
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Software License for Trial products will be emailed to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 you upon submission of the \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 form on that site. Your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 evaluation period begins on the day you submit your request
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for an authorization key.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 PROFESSIONAL AND ENTERPRISE EDITIONS
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To activate this product, you must obtain a Serial Number
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and Authorization Key.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Serial Number and Authorization Key are supplied with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your CD.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 You must also register the product after activation.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Registration dialog, which appears on first use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 after activation, offers three registration methods:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Online (direct registration t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hrough a secure connection),
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by telephone, or through a Web form.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Each of the Registration options is driven by wizards,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 with Help provided where necessary.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOTE: Online activation and registration requires an active
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       Internet connection. The proces\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s uses port 443 for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       the transaction;  if there is a problem using that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       port, an attempt is made through port 8080. If your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       machine is protected by a firewall and the process
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       fails, you must either contact your system
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       administr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ator to request that the ports noted above
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       be made available, or use an alternate registration
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       method, such as telephone or Web registration. Online
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       registration also requires that all users of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       copy of the software use the same\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  software
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       registration account when registering.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 REGISTRATION DEFERRAL
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All editions require registration.  Registration for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the Professional and Enterprise editions may be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 deferred.  The Trial edition will NOT run without a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 valid Software License.  The software license contains
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the registration information.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you try to run the Trial edition without a valid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Software License, you will be directed where to go to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 obtain one.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you choose to defer registration, you can regis\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 later by running the registration program D7Reg.exe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the bin directory of your installation, or in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi 7 program group in your start menu.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 UNINSTALLING THIS PRODUCT
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To uninstall this \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 release from your computer, you can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 perform either the following:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 *  Open the Control Panel and double-click the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    Add/Remove Programs icon. Select Borland Delphi 7
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    from the list and click the Add/Remove button.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    Follow the instructions.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Notes:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * During installation you're asked if you want to save
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   a copy of the installation database to your hard disk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   drive. Doing so will allow you to uninstall without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   inserting the product CD. However, if the local copy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   of the installation database becom\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 es damaged or is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   erased, the CD may be required to uninstall the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   product. The installation database ("Borland Delphi
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   7.msi") can be found in the Install directory on your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   CD.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * Delphi 7 and other dbExpress-based applications use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   the registry key
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Borland\\DBExpress
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   to locate the database configuration files
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   (dbxconnections.ini and dbxdrivers.ini).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   When uninstalling Delphi 7, you are asked if you want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   to remove the dbExpress registry keys. If you know
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   tha\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 t you are not using any other dbExpress-based
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   applications, you can answer Yes. If other dbExpress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   applications exists on your computer, you should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   answer No.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   If you do not delete the dbExpress registry entries
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   and you later reinstall Delphi 7 to a different
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   location, you will need to manually delete this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   registry key for dbExpress to recognize your new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   configuration file location.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Copyright (c) 20\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 02 Borland Software Corporation.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All rights reserved.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }}