{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New{\*\falt Courier};}
{\f23\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f28\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}@MS Mincho{\*\falt Andale Mono};}{\f33\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}
{\f34\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f36\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f37\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}
{\f38\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f39\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f40\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f49\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE{\*\falt Courier};}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr{\*\falt Courier};}{\f52\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek{\*\falt Courier};}
{\f53\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur{\*\falt Courier};}{\f54\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew){\*\falt Courier};}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic){\*\falt Courier};}
{\f56\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic{\*\falt Courier};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\info{\title Delphi 7}{\author smckenzie}{\operator smckenzie}
{\creatim\yr2002\mo6\dy20\hr15\min35}{\revtim\yr2002\mo8\dy9\hr13\min20}{\version19}{\edmins15}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords2990}{\nofchars17043}{\*\company Borland}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8283}}\margl1320\margr1320 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale75\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af23 \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2                     Delphi 7
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2                  Release Notes
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This file contains important supplementary and late-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 breaking information that may not appear in the main
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 product documentation. We recommend that you read this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 file in its entirety.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For information on new features in this release, choose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "What's New" in the online Help contents.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =========================\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ==============================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 CONTENTS
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * OTHER RELEASE NOTES INCLUDED WITH THIS PRODUCT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * NOTES AND ISSUES:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * ABOUT EDITING THE REGISTRY
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * PRODUCT INFORMATION ON THE WEB
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 OTHER RELEASE NOTES INCLUD\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ED WITH THIS PRODUCT
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * INSTALL contains system requirements and product
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   installation information.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * DEPLOY contains information about redistributing your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   applications.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * LICENSE contains information on licensing allowances
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   and limitations for this product and other Borland
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   software that is bundled with it.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     The three files listed above, along with this file,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     are installed in your main product directory
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     (default: C:\\Program Files\\Borland\\Delphi7).
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ===========\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ============================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOTES AND ISSUES
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Deprecated Components
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Borland is deprecating the use of TSQLClientDataSet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     and TBDEClientDataSet. Borland recommends that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     use TSimpleDataSet for simple, two-tier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     application\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s. TSQLClientDataSet and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     TBDEClientDataSet are no longer displayed on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Component palette. If you require backward
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     compatibility, you can still access
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     TSQLClientDataSet and TBDEClientDataSet in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Demos directory (by default, C:\\Prog\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ram
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Files\\Borland\\Delphi7\\Demos).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Borland is deprecating the use of the TServerSocket
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     and TClientSocket from the unit ScktComp. It is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     recommended that you use the Indy components for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     socket operations. The TServerSocket and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     TClientSocket will no longer be installed on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     component palette by default. If you require the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     use of these components then you can install
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     the design time package named dclsockets70.bpl,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     found in your bin directory. For deployment w\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ith
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     runtime packages, you will need to deploy rtl70.bpl
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     and any other required packages.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Changes in StrUtils
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The StrUtils unit contains three sets of changes, all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 relating to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 multi-byte character set (MBCS) support.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    * Pre\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 viously, LeftStr, RightStr, and MidStr each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      took and returned AnsiString values, and did not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      support MBCS strings. Each of these functions has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      been replaced by a pair of overloaded functions,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      one that takes and returns AnsiString, and o\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ne
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      that takes and returns WideString. The new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      functions correctly handle MBCS strings. This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      change breaks code that uses these functions to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      store and retrieve byte values in AnsiStrings.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      Such code should use the new byte-level func\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      described below.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    * New functions LeftBStr, RightBStr, and MidBStr
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      provide the byte-level manipulation previously
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      provided by LeftStr, RightStr, and MidStr.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    * New functions AnsiLeftStr, AnsiRightStr, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      AnsiMidStr are the same as the new AnsiStr
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      LeftStr, RightStr, and MidStr functions, except
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      that they are not overloaded with equivalent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      WideString functions.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 XP Themes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This build does not include a manifest for your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 project\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 s. To tell your applications to use version 6.0
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of comctl32.dll you need to create and edit the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 manifest yourself.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 There are two ways to do this:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 1. With a stand-alone manifest file added to the same
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    directory of the executable.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 2. With a manifest in\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cluded in the executable as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    resource.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 For the stand-alone manifest follow these steps:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I) Using Notepad create a file called
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    "Project1.exe.manifest" and add the following lines:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes"?>
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <assembly xmlns="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:asm.v1"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 manifestVersion="1.0">
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <assemblyIdentity
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 processorArchitecture="*"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 version="1.0.0.0"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 type="win32"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 name="Project1"/>
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <description>Project1 Description</description>
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <dependency>
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <dependentAssembly>
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 <assembl\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 yIdentity
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 type="win32"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 name="Microsoft.Windows.Common-Controls"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 version="6.0.0.0"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 publicKeyToken="6595b64144ccf1df"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 language="*"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 processorArchitecture="*"   />
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 </dependentAssembly>
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 </dependency>
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 </assembly>
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 II) Save the file and place it in the same direc\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tory as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     the application executable.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If you don't like the idea of having the manifest as a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 separated file you can include it into your executable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 as a resource.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 I) Create a resource file (again using Notepad)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    containing the following line:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    1 24 "Project1.exe.Manifest"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 II) Compile the resource file with brcc32.exe with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     following command:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    C:\\Project1> brcc32 WindowsXP.RC
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 III) Now add the following line to your project's main
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      form:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    \{$R WindowsXP.RES\}
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOTE: To automat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ically configure XP Themes in your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       project you can use the XP Application Wizard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       demo. For more information see the readme file in
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2        Demos\\ToolsAPI\\XPAppWiz
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 .NET compiler warnings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Delphi 7 dcc32 compiler now supports three
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 additional compiler warnings:  Unsafe_Type,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Unsafe_Code, and Unsafe_Cast.  These warnings are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 disabled by default, but can be enabled with source
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 code compiler directives \{$WARN UNSAFE_CODE ON\},
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 compiler comma\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nd line switches (dcc32 -W+UNSAFE_CODE),
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and in Project|Options.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOTE: There is no space before or after the "+" in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       command line switch)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 "Unsafe" in all three messages refers to types or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 operations which static code analysis cannot prove to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 not\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  overwrite memory.  For example, data types that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 carry bounds information at runtime such as Delphi
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Strings or dynamic arrays can be bounds-checked at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 runtime, and tracked in static analysis, to ensure that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 memory accesses are within the limits of the allo\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 data.  Data types that do not carry bounds information
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 at compile time or runtime (such as PChar) cannot be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 proven safe.  Unsafe doesn't necessarily mean the code
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is broken or flawed, it simply means that it uses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 programming techniques that cannot be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  verified as safe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 by static code analysis.  In a secured execution
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 environment such as .NET, such code is assumed to be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 unsafe and a potential security risk.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi 7 developers can use these new warnings to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 identify data types, code or programming techniques
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that may be difficult to port to a managed code
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 environment such as .NET.  These messages are not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 specific to the .NET platform.  The warnings are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 conservative - some things we warn about in D7 we might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ctually be able to support in Delphi for .NET, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 we're not sure yet.  The warnings are not complete -
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 there may be problematic types or code situations for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 which the Delphi 7 compiler does not issue an unsafe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 warning.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Unsafe_Type:  Types such as PChar, \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 untyped pointer,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 untyped var and out parameters, file of <type>, 6 byte
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 reals (Real48), variant records (records containing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 overlapping fields) and old-style objects
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ("TMyObject = object").
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   * "old" object type
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2        c = object
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2          i: Integer;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2        procedure p;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2        end;
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Unsafe_Code:  absolute variables, Addr(), Ptr(), Hi(),
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Lo(), Swap() standard procedures, BlockRead and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BlockWrite, the Fail() standard procedure, GetMem(),
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 FreeMem(), and ReallocMem()
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   * inline assembler blocks (asm end)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   * @ operator
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   * modifying string index elements, e.g
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       s := 'Hoho';
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       s[2] := 'a'; // <-- "Unsafe code 'String index to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       var param'"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Unsafe_Cast:  Casting an object instance to a type that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is not an ancestor or descendent of the instance \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 type,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 casting a record type to anything else
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Change to VCL SubComponents streaming
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In Delphi 7, we corrected a problem where the csLoading
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 flag was never set for subcomponents, nor was the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 subcomponent's Loaded meth\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 od called. When a component that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 has subcomponents is streamed, the subcomponents will have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 their csLoading flag set and their Loaded method called.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This change creates a complication for any subcomponent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 properties that are writable. If you allow your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 sub\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 component property to be assigned to an external
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 component reference then you cannot free your subcomponent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 until it's owner's Loaded method is called otherwise the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 streaming system will attempt to call the subcomponent's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Loaded method after the subcomponent has been freed.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Apache
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Support for Apache 2 is for the 2.0.39 version. It will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 work with later versions as long as they are binary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 compatible.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOTE: Due to a known bug with Apache 1.3.22, do not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       develop \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 CGI programs or shared objects for this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       version.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       See http://bugs.apache.org/index.cgi/full/8538
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 UDDI Registry entries
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Some UDDI Registry entries contain an Accesspoint URL with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 a bookmark tag at the end. When accessed \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these services
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 often generate the error message 'Method not allowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (405)'.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Workaround:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Remove the tag from url in the global function
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 that returns the Interface:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2      const
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 //        defURL = 'http://someservice/somewhere#tag';
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 //        is changed to
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2         defURL = 'http://someservice/somewhere';
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Japanese Input system on Windows XP
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -----------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The MS IME2002 Japanese input system included with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Windows XP can cause the Debugger in the IDE to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 stall.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Workaround:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Remove Micr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 osoft IME Character Code Dictionary from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your system dictionaries list. Simply un-checking this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 option from the dictionary list will not solve the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 problem. To remove this dictionary:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 1) Open the IME Toolbar.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 2) Select Tools|Properties and click on the Dic\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 tionary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    tab.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 3) Select "Microsoft IME Character Code Dictionary"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    from the System dictionaries listbox
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 4) Click Remove.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Database
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 --------
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * The provided DB2 driver is certified for DB2 version
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   7 only. The client version and server version must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   match. BDE also supports DB2 version 7 only.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * The Oracle driver provided for dbExpress components
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   is certified for Oracle 9i. BDE and ADO have been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   certified with Oracle 8.1.7 and 8.1.6. In all cases,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   the client version and server version must be\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   same.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * Oracle 9i types - ORACLE 9i types TIMESTAMP
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   (introduced for JDK 1.3.1 compliance) and other types
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   like XMLType, Temp tables, etc. are not yet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   supported. Use "DATE" instead.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 * The Borland Database Engine CAB file (BDEINST.CAB) is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   no\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  longer digitally signed. This CAB file is provided
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   for backward compatibility. For new applications, we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   recommend deploying BDE with the BDE merge modules.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 InterBase version support, Dialect 3 features
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 D\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 elphi 7 supports InterBase 6.5. The client version and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 server version must be the same.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Currently, the driver does not support the ARRAY type.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To use the new InterBase 6.5 Dialect 3 features in BDE,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 add an entry to your Windows registry under
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Borland\\Database Engine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  \\Settings\\Drivers\\Intrbase\\Db Open\\SQLDIALECT
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and set the String Value to "3".
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When an InterBase alias is created, the new entry will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 be available in the .CFG file.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To use InterBase 5.6, SQLDIALECT c\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 an be set to "1"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (existing IB aliases which do not have the SQLDIALECT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 entry default to SQLDIALECT=1 or to the registry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 setting when the SQLDIALECT entry is added to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 registry).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 InterBase 6.5 implementation note
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If y\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ou are using a WebSnap application with InterBase
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 6.5, a local database connection is not recommended.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Instead, use a client/server connection specified by a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 protocol-specific prefix to the path to the database.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Examples:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Local connection (not recommended):
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     C:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TCP/IP connection on Windows:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     saturn:C:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TCP/IP connection on UNIX:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     jupiter:/usr/PathTo/Database/DBName.gdb
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NetBEUI connection:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     \\\\venus\\C:\\PathTo\\\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Database\\DBName.gdb
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 IPX/SPX connection:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     mars@vol2:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 If the WebSnap application is on the same machine as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the server, you can use localhost:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     localhost:C:\\PathTo\\Database\\DBName.gdb
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 INTERBASE driver behavioral differen\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ce:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NUMERIC data type mapping.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    The dbExpress driver for INTERBASE  now maps NUMERIC
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    data types to fldBCD instead of fldINT16, fldINT32,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    fldFLOAT.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dbExpress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TSQLDataSet now has DefaultRowsetSize = 20 (Oracle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 only). To use a different RowSetSize, add the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 RowSetSize property manually (e.g., "RowsetSize = 200")
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into dbxconnections.ini, for existing connections, or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 into dbxdrivers.ini to have the RowSetSize proper\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 included in new connections. RowsetSize can also be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 modified in code, as shown here:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     "SQLConnection1.Params.Values['RowsetSize'] :=
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     '200'"
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dbExpress now includes MySQL 3.23.49 support with a new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 driver (dbexpmysql.dll). To use the new driver,\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  specify
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     LibraryName = "dbexpmysql.dll"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in the Object Inspector or in dbxdrivers.ini.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dbExpress components and MySQL transactions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 MySQL doesn't support more than one active statement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 per connection. To perform multiple SQL requests with a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 single TSQLConnection the dbExpress components clone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 connection. There is a bug in maintaining state
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 information on the no.of active statements with respect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to a TSQLConnection. This might cause serio\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 us failures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 in transaction as the transaction might be started on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one connection and commit or rollback might be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 happening on another connection.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Workaround:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Before you start a MySQL transaction make sure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TSQLConnection.ActiveStatements is 0. If it's not\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  0 then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 close the TSQLConnection and reopen it and that should
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clear it. All your transaction activity should then go
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 on a single connection.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 DB2 notes for dbExpress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -----------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The provided DB2 driver is certified for DB2 version 7.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The clie\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nt version and server version must be the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 same. BDE also supports DB2 version 7.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Because of a known DB2 bug, the DB2 client returns only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one record at a time when a request for a block fetch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 is made, even with RowsetSize option > 1.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Timestamp issues
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The dbExpress DB2 driver rounds the TIMESTAMP
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fractional value and there could be some precision lost
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 depending upon the data retrieved. When you apply back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 changes the old value will not match the one on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 server and ApplyUpdates() wil\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 l fail.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Workaround:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Make sure DB2 TIMESTAMP is not part of indexed columns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and set the DataSetProvider Update mode to WhereKey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instead of WhereAll.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Informix BLOB/CLOB fields (dbExpress)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 A new global variable, Info\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 rmixLob, is available to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 allow you to work with Informix BLOB and CLOB fields.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The variable is required because Informix BLOB
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 (fldBLOB, fldstHBINARY) and CLOB (fldBLOB, fldstHMEMO)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 fields are mapped as ftOraBlob and ftOraClob,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 respectively, and the DataSn\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ap resolver performs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 special query generation when resolving Oracle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BLOB/CLOB fields, but not when resolving Informix
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BLOB/CLOBs. To address this issue, set InformixLob
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to True when using Informix BLOB/CLOBs, and switch it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 back to False (the default) when using Oracle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BLOB/CLOBs.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 NOTE: The new Informix driver (dbexpinf.dll) has been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       tested with Informix version 9.2.1 client/server
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       and 9.2.1 client with SE server.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 MSSQL driver - Known issues
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 --------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 1) Connection with a Blank Password/OS Authentication:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    With the current MSSQL driver you can't connect using a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    blank password or with OS Authentication = True.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    A patch will be made available soon at Borland's support
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    download site.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 2) Master detail:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    a) When trying to open a master-detail as a nested
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       dataset and if the detail link field is an INTEGER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       type and defined NOT NULL you will get a SQL Error
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       "SQL State:HY000, SQL Error Code: 0, Invalid Input
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       para\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 meter values. Check the status values for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       details"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       A patch will be made available soon at Borland's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       support download site.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2    b) ApplyUpdates() on a master-detail with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       "poFetchDetailsOnDemand" = True causes a SQL error
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       "Cannot create new connection because in manual or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       distributed transaction mode". Workaround:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2       poFetchDetailsOnDemand = False (default)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dbExpress MSSQL driver BLOB access
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -----------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dbExpress MSSQL uses ISeque\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ntialStream (OLEDB
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 interface) to access blobs from SQL Server. MS OLEDB
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 provider (SQLOLEDB) doesn't support accessing more than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 one in a SELECT using ISequentialStream. So, if you are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 projecting more than one blob column in your queries
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 the dbExpress drive\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 r will not use the ISequentialStream
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to access blobs. Instead, it will bind huge buffers to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 get the blob data. The buffer size is determined by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 BlobSize entry in dbxconnections.ini. Make sure to set
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 it to an appropriate size to improve performance when
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 more than one blob column is projected.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 MySQL limitation (dbExpress)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 MySQL can't filter with FLOAT fields in the WHERE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 clause. Since this limitation prevents updates with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 TClientDataset and TDataSetProvider, use DOUBLE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 instead. For more information, see the MySQL
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 documentation.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Huge Text in MySQL (dbExpress)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 MySQL Server has a startup parameter called max-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 allowed-packet that, by default, is set to 1 megabyte
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 for most MySQL servers. Incr\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ease the value of max-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 allowed-packet if you encounter difficulty writing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 large amounts of data (such as large strings) to MySQL.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Oracle notes for dbExpress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 --------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When qualifying a table name with a user name, you must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 use quotes ar\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ound the table name when CommandType is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 set to ctTable.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Oracle LONG and LONG RAW fields (dbExpress)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 -------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 When using Oracle, the size of LONG and LONG RAW fields
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 cannot be determined without fetching the whole field.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 So if BLOB SIZE is set to -1, LONG and LONG RAW fields
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 are truncated to 64K. Recommendation: Set BLOB SIZE to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 your best estimate of the blob size.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Configuring driver files  (dbExpress)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------------\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------------
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Oracle driver now supports Trim Char, Multiple
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Transaction and OS Authentication. You need to add
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 these settings to your dbxdrivers for new aliases
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and/or update dbxconnections in order to include these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 settings for old aliases.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Please append the following at the end of dbxdrivers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 file if you are using a driver file from an earlier
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 version of Delphi:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     [Multiple Transaction]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     False=0
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     True=1
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     [Trim Char]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     False=0
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     True=1
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     [OS Authentication]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     False=0
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     True=1
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Add the following under the [Oracle] section in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 dbxdrivers and under your existent Oracle alias.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     OS Authentication=False
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Multiple Transaction=False
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Trim Char=False
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Oracle OS authentication  (dbExpress)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ---------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 To get the correct list of tables and other schema
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 objects in the dbExpress components, set the User_Name
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to OPS$XXX, where XXX is the OS Authenticated user.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ABOUT EDITING THE WINDOWS RE\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 GISTRY
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Warning:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Registry edits are performed at your own risk.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Several items in this document and in other parts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     of the documentation that accompany this product
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     describe how to edit your Windows registry. In most
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     cases, we recommend t\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 hat you use the Microsoft
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     Regedit tool to perform your editing. Whatever tool
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     you use, however, you should, before making any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     edits, make backups of your registry and thoroughly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     familiarize yourself with the editing tool and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     registry editing process. The registry is a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     critical component of your operating system, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     any mistakes made while editing it can cause your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2     machine to stop functioning.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 PRODUCT IN\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 FORMATION ON THE WEB
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 In addition to numerous private sites that offer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 information, instruction, and samples, the following
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Borland Web-based resources provide a continuous stream
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 of news, product information, updates, code, and other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 materials. You can co\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 nnect to many of these resources
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 directly from the Help menu.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi Direct [Help|Delphi Direct]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ----------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 This IDE add-in resource provides an automatically
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 updated list of links to the latest news, downloads,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 and other informat\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ion about Delphi and Borland.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Code Central
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The CodeCentral Repository is a free, searchable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 database of code, tips, and other materials of interest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 to developers. For details and registration
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 information, visit
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2  http://codecentral.borland.com/
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 The Borland Web site
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 --------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Borland Software Corporation home page:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   [IDE: Help|Borland Home Page]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi home page:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com/delphi/
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   [IDE: Help|Delphi Home Page\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 ]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi developer support:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com/devsupport/delphi/
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   [IDE: Help|Delphi Developer Support]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi updates and other downloads:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com/devsupport/delphi/downloads/
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Delphi documentation site:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com/\hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 techpubs/delphi
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Newsgroups:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com/newsgroups/
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Worldwide offices and distributors:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   http://www.borland.com/bww/
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 FTP site (anonymous access):
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2   ftp.borland.com
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 =======================================================
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 Copyright (c) 2002 Borland Software Corporation.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af23\loch\f2 All rights reserved.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }}